\# Jewellery Website Backend (Spring Boot)

!\[Project Logo/Icon\](url_to_your_project_logo_or_icon)

This repository contains the backend code for the Jewellery Website.
It\'s built using Spring Boot and provides the server-side
functionality, API endpoints, and database connectivity needed for the
website.

\## Table of Contents

\- \[Getting Started\](#getting-started)  -
\[Prerequisites\](#prerequisites)  - \[Installation\](#installation) -
\[Usage\](#usage)  - \[Running the Server\](#running-the-server)  -
\[API Endpoints\](#api-endpoints) - \[Database
Configuration\](#database-configuration) -
\[Contributing\](#contributing) - \[License\](#license)

\## Getting Started

\### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following requirements in place:

\- \*\*Java\*\*: Make sure you have Java 8 or higher installed. -
\*\*Maven\*\*: You need to have \[Maven\](https://maven.apache.org/)
installed for managing project dependencies. - \*\*Database\*\*: Set up
a compatible relational database (e.g., MySQL, PostgreSQL) and create
the necessary schemas and tables.

\### Installation

1\. Clone the repository:

\`\`\`bash git clone
https://github.com/priyanshugupta9329/Jewellery-application-backend.git

2\. Navigate to the project directory:

bash Copy code cd Jewellery-application-backend

3\. Build the project using Maven:

bash Copy code mvn clean install Running the Server Configure your
database connection details in the application.properties or
application.yml file.

4\. Run the Spring Boot application:

bash Copy code java -jar target/jewellery-website-backend.jar Replace
jewellery-website-backend.jar with the name of your generated JAR file.

The backend server should now be up and running at http://localhost:8080
(or another port you\'ve configured).

Usage API Endpoints Your API endpoints are the core of your backend.
Provide details about the available endpoints, their functionality,
request/response examples, and any authentication mechanisms if
applicable. You can also consider using tools like Swagger to generate
API documentation.

Demo Website: You can access a live demo of the website at the following
URL:

http://ec2-13-233-142-22.ap-south-1.compute.amazonaws.com:5000/home/

Database Configuration Provide instructions or scripts to set up the
database schema and tables required for your project. Include any
necessary database migrations or initialization scripts.

Contributing If you want to contribute to this project, please follow
the Contributing Guidelines.

License This project is licensed under the MIT License. You are free to
use, modify, and distribute this code as per the terms of the license.
